# Week 2 (1/17 - 1/23)

## Project Summary 

CSE2 Virtual Tour aims to provide an immersive experience of having a tour inside the CSE2 building. This empowers the incoming and prospective students of the Allen School to explore the Allen School and the CSE2 building virtually.

## Project Description 

Due to the pandemic, people are not allowed to visit the campus and join the tour. The incoming and prospective students can only access the information through the CSE website. We want to build a VR application that allows students to have an immersive experience of visiting CSE2 to not only conduct a tour inside the building but also get the information for their application through our interactive features.

## User Experience 

When the application starts, the user walks into the CSE2 building and enters the lobby in the first level. Next, the virtual guide, Dubs, will pop up and welcome the user. Dubs will also introduce a series of tasks that the user needs to complete to get a CSE badge in the end. The tasks include exploring the Allen School general information via the interactive wall, asking the virtual adviser an admission question, and solving a coding puzzle, etc. Dubs will guide the user as the user moves on. Once the user completes all the tasks, the user will get a CSE badge!

## Project Pitch
[Project Pitch](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1QAdKK1lHDndAnweHhVf5o3Obh6etdnyR-EsEKaz6nW0/edit?usp=sharing)

## PRD
[PRD](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10sPBx69d17o5r2Xv4d7wBuq1KwIXLywmVlh3P6T7vI0/edit?usp=sharing)

## Weekly updates
- Jolin
    - Worked with the team for the project pitch and the PRD.
    - Figured out the Minimum Viable Product (MVP), target product, and strech goals.
    - Broke down the tasks to complete the MVP and target products and distributed work load within the team.
    - Explored the 3D UI component in Unity for the Interactive Wall model.
- Justin
    - Worked with the team for the project pitch and the PRD.
    - Broke down the tasks to complete the MVP and target products and distributed work load within the team.
- Peter
    - Import the 3D model that generated by Jolin and Justin to Sketchup and fix the detail of the 3D model of the CSE2. 
    - Worked on the Dubs 3D model. Let the Dubs follow the user wherever the user go.
    - Worked with the team for the project pitch and the PRD.

## New features / Functionalities
- Have Dubs in our application and let it follow the user.
- Create a simple UI for the interactive wall in the application. 

## Review Request
- None

## Blocking Issues
- Waiting Ira for the CSE2 building model.
- Scheduling meeting with CSE Outreach Ambassador to discuss what information to be displayed on the interactive wall.
